Hello my dear future colleagues, I hope everything is great for you.

First of all, I'm appreciated to my friends of who responded my request.
I just wanna share my planning for today's meeting that I prepared by means of your messages;

1. Soft Skill Class:
    - Defining "What is Scrum and Agile?" in shortest way.
    - Discussing and explaining each other the details of the Scrum fundamentals(Roles,meetings,artifacts)
    - Discussing and explaining each other the meetings of the scrum (Grooming, Sprint planning, Daily Std-Up, Demo & Retro) in detailed.

2. Java Class:
    - Loops (While-DoWhile, For, Nested Loops). with replit tasks that you want to solve.
    - Arrays (Arrays, Arrays Utility, ForEach). with replit tasks that you want to solve.
    ***** Please prepare your questions or determine the replit tasks which you want to solve and
    inform  all of us via group channel before meeting please ******

See you evening.
-------------------------------------------------------

Hello my dear future colleagues, I hope everything is great for you.

Unfortunately, I haven't received any messages or advice about our meeting tomorrow.

We met with some of our group mates in our meeting last Friday and we thought it would be a great exercise to practice the interview questions.
Therefore, I prepared a practice plan which is related to our soft-skill class topics and according to sample interview questions which are exist in the canvas.
We will respond all of them in our weekly meetings.
Please watch the recordings that is related with your own questions on the canvas and prepare yourself and your answer before the meeting.
We do not have to answer as if we were in an interview, it is enough if we share what we understand from the answer.
Please make sure that your answers do not exceed two minutes in order to better time managing.

I hope it would help us for gaining some experience.

I think any of us would have thought wrong like you when he saw this question for the first time.
For the first line we know that result is Java1020
For the second line the java will be executed respectively "Java"+"10 ->"Java10"-20 -> Compile error
For the third line "We must know the Operator Precedence in Java": https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/nutsandbolts/operators.html


Hello guys, I hope you're all great. Sorry for being late for the meeting info. If you are available we can study on our real interview questions again.

Recording  17: Satı
Recording  18: Nihal
Recording  19: Serpil
Recording  20: Zehra
Recording  21: Ece
Recording  22: Nefise
Recording  23: Burak
Recording  24: Mehmet
Recording  25: Yusuf
Recording  26: Kadir
Recording  27: Salih
Recording  28: Yasin
Recording  29: Veysel


And we can continue our Java studies where we left off on this website:
https://www.qafox.com/java-for-testers-interview-questions-and-answers-part-2/


1.What is static keyword applied for ? What is static members?
2. What is difference between static and instance variables and static and instance method?
    How can we check a method should be static or not?
3. Explain the concepts of object and class
4. What is static block? What is the difference between static block and constructor?
5. Can a class be static?
6. What is the advantage of static import? What is regular import-static import difference?
7. What is the purpose and benefit of garbage collection?
8. What kind of objects are  eligible for garbage collection?
9.What are Access modifiers for? What do they do? Explain 4 access modifiers


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello dear mates I hope you all great.

Since the attandance was low during the Ramadan, I thought of leaving the soft skills questions for later.
These are our interview practice questions just about Java. 
We will answer them in the order on the tracking sheet.
 
1.  What is the definition of inheritance?
2.  What is a relation? Explain the “is a relation” and  “has a relation”.
3.  What is extends keyword? What is super keyword?
4.  Explain the types of inheritance? (Single-MultiLevel-Hierarchical)
5.  What is the difference between ‘inheritance - creating’  and ‘inheritance – importing’?
6.  What are the advantages and disadvantages of inheritance?
7.  What are super class and subclass?
8.  What can be inherited? What cannot be inherited?
9.  What are constructor call rules in inheritance?
10. What are the overriding rules?
11. What is the benefit of overriding?
12. What are the differences between Method Overloading and Method Overrriding?
13. What is final keyword for? What is final keyword applicable for?
14. Explain the difference of protected Access modifier from default and private?

See you at the meeting.
